You're certainly up and running early.
Well, yeah.
I need to start looking good again soon.
Have you decided on a return race?
The Takarazuka Kinen.
I'm gonna win this time.
It'll be my pleasure to
shatter that confidence.
I'll be going on ahead, then.
I just said I was going to go on ahead!
Honestly...
Teio-sama certainly seems
to enjoy her running.
That's just who she is.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 9
Stopwatch
Very nice. That was your best time yet.
Really?! Time for another one, then!
Whoa. You sure you're not overdoing it?
Can't help it! I just wanna run so bad!
Looks like our ex-leader is really fired up.
And here I thought I was
gonna be leader next.
Vodka, Scarlet...
I am the leader
It's me, your new leader... Golshi-chan.
Someone else is feeling motivated, too.
Okay, here I go!
Ready?
Go!
I can finally... finally race with McQueen!
The Classics series is upon us!
This season, it looks like
a lot of attention will be
focused on Satsuki winner Narita Taishin!
Hey, Rice!
There's also Winning Ticket, who's shown
a remarkable focus on the Derby.
Teio-san?
Care for one?
Team
Mimosa
Recruiting Members!!
And one can hardly ignore the
looming presence of Biwa Hayahide!
Oh, I bet you don't eat bread, though!
Actually, I do, with breakfast.
The three of them are shaping up to be the
new heroines of this season of racing!
I see.
Congrats again on the Tennoushou.
You were really amazing!
So much that I'm sure I don't
have to tell you they've
Thank you...
But I'm gonna avenge McQueen.
So be ready to race me some day!
become collectively known as BNW.
See ya!
And for today's program, I want to
get up close and personal with BNW!
We've... already raced before, though.
The horse girls are steadily making
their way around the track,
and Narita Taishin is
currently in third place,
with two competitors in front of her.
We're down to the last 400 meters now.
And Winning Ticket is moving up!
Right behind her is Biwa Hayahide!
Narita Taishin has joined them!
And it looks like BNW has
collectively made their move!
The Derby! The Derby I've
always dreamed about!
I may have lost the Satsukishou,
but this is where I win!
I can do this! I can come out on top!
Winning Ticket in the lead!
And Winning Ticket finishes first!
Japanese Derby
Biwa Hayahide and Narita Taishin
in second and third place!
It looks like BNW are just too strong!
The Derby goes to Winning Ticket!
Ticket! Ticket! Ticket!
W-Wow...
The race was practically
between the three of them.
We've got some more tough competition.
So they're BNW.
They're BNW?!
Not too bad!
They truly seem to
posses incredible talent.
But so do we.
I did it!
Ikuno Dictus comes in second
place at the Yasuda Kinen!
Ikuno Dictus
Congrats, Ikuno!
I would have preferred to have won, but...
A second place finish in
the G1 is still awesome!
Is your next race set already?
The Takarazuka Kinen.
Next time, you're gonna win a G1 race!
Yes. I intend to make up for this loss.
I've heard Mejiro McQueen and Tokai Teio
will be running in the Takarazuka Kinen.
Teio's finally making her return.
Well, duh! This is Teio we're talking about!
Why are you acting so proud?
This time we're gonna beat Spica!
Right!
Me too! I wanna race, too!
The next race you're eligible for,
Turbo-san, is the Tanabata Sho.
Is that in the G1?
It's in the G3.
That smells nice.
Ow!
Good day, Palmer.
Hey, McQueen. What's up?
I never see you around this part of campus.
I'm just here for a change of clothes.
Then I'll be on my way back to the dorms.
Is something going on with you?
Your nose is very red.
Uh, it's nothing!
I see.
I'm afraid I can't allow you to
win a second Takarazuka Kinen.
Well, I'm not giving up without a fight!
I'm looking forward to it.
If you'll excuse me.
I'm gonna ultim-outrun her!
Two years ago, it was Mejiro Ryan.
Last year, it was Mejiro Palmer.
This time, I will be winning.
Another long day!
But I've gotta stay on my toes!
Okay, let's do this!
Teio...
P-Prez...
How are you feeling?
Uh... I'm sorry!
Why are you apologizing?
Well... I've been avoiding you, Prez.
I noticed.
I guess so.
I wasn't sure why I was running.
And I was so anxious.
I didn't want you to see me
when I was like that.
Aim to be an undefeated Triple Crown horse girl!
I felt guilty.
I see.
Yeah.
But now I have someone who I want
to look good for as much as you!
As much as me, eh?
Are you jealous?
This is your first race
in six months, isn't it?
Yeah. I'm gonna make sure it's a good one.
I want everyone to see, "This is Tokai Teio!"
Maybe then, instead of chasing you,
I can be the kind of horse girl who
can stand next to you as an equal.
And then one day, maybe even surpass you.
So the Takarazuka Kinen is going
to my first step towards that.
Teio...
So be sure to watch me run, Prez!
Right, I'll be looking forward to it.
Back in action, huh?
I'd expect nothing less of Tokai Teio!
Of course I'm back, Double Turbo.
It's Twin Turbo! Quit getting it wrong!
Sorry, sorry!
So did you need something?
I just wanted to let you know
I'm gonna win the Tanabata Sho!
Okay...
And then I'm gonna come challenge you!
So next time, we're gonna race!
Sure, okay.
Next time, then.
Yeah! It's a promise!
What are you doing, Turbo-san?
Ikuno?!
You can't be bothering Teio-san.
I'm not bothering her!
Come along, now.
Let me go!
Sorry about that. She doesn't
mean to cause any trouble.
Ikuno, how are you even doing this?!
She's just got brain problems.
See ya!
I wasn't done talking!
Okay, let's do this!
Let go!
There we go.
Win against McQueen at the Takarazuka Kinen!
Well?
You're definitely making progress.
Keep it up!
Oh, damn!
I'm gonna go again, Trainer!
All right, go for it!
Okay.
Ready...
Go!
Awesome!
Yeah!
My legs feel so light.
My whole body wants to move forward!
No matter how many times I fall,
I can always dream again!
And this time it's about
my race with McQueen!
I want to make sure to win—
Teio!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
It's a fracture.
I see.
Sorry, McQueen. I'm starting
over from the beginning again.
So when will I be able to race?
This is your third fracture.
There's a chance it's become recurrent.
The fracture itself should heal,
but it's hard to say whether you'll ever
be able to run in the same fashion again.
You've got about a 70% chance of recovery.
It's unfortunate, but continuing
to race is something I can't—
It's okay, seriously!
I'll heal! I've done it plenty before, right?
Teio...
Come on, quit it with that look!
I'm gonna run again! I know it!
It'll be just fine!
I guess my race against McQueen at
the Takarazuka Kinen is on hold.
I was really looking forward to it, too.
Teio, listen...
I'm counting on you for another
recovery regimen, Trainer.
Sorry.
What're you apologizing for? I'm fine.
I mean it.
BREAKING
TOKAI TEIO
THIRD FRACTURE
Takarazuka Kinen
Hanshin Racecourse
It's gonna be hard for her to make a comeback...
Thank you for everything
Get all the rest that you need
Thank you for the memories,
Tokai Teio
Temporarily
Closed
Kita-chan...
Teio-san will be okay.
BREAKING
TOKAI TEIO
THIRD FRACTURE
Teio...
Teio will be back!
I know she will!
Because she's Tokai Teio!
Turbo...
Is there anything we can do for her?
Give her a watermelon!
Gifts, then? Anything else?
Write her a letter!
Words of encouragement, you mean. I see.
Teio...
Anything else?
Palmer begins to fall behind!
And then, from the outside,
McQueen is moving up on the outside!
And behind her is Ikuno Dictus!
But McQueen, she's maintaining her lead!
And she passes the goal while in first place!
Takarazuka Kinen
Wow, McQueen was really amazing out there!
Yes, this is her first victory at the
Takarazuka Kinen. She's bound to be pleased.
She was originally scheduled to
race against Tokai Teio.
This is the third time she's
broken her leg, right?
MCQUEEN TAKES THE TAKARAZUKA!
From what I hear, there's a good
chance she may have to exit—
I don't care what anyone else says.
And there's no point in getting mopey.
Teio-san?!
Hey! Good to see you all again.
McQueen, congrats on the Takarazuka Kinen!
Teio...
Are you seriously okay?
I got released last week,
but I've been bored out of my mind!
So I came to watch you all train.
What's wrong, Gold Ship?!
The news wouldn't shut up about you
not being able to make a comeback!
So I'm just so happy!
I'm okay!
Trust me, you break your leg three times,
and you start to get a feel for how bad it is.
This is so great, Teio-san!
If you need to do rehab, I've got
your back! Anything you need!
Continuing to race is something I can't—
Yeah. Thanks, guys.
So, that said...
Sitting around is gonna just make me anxious,
so starting today, I'll be supporting
you all as team leader again!
I am the leader
If you need any shopping done
or anything, let me know!
Your reign only lasted a few days, huh?
Shut it.
You're sure that's all right?
You bet!
Leave it to me!
S.S. Golshi #2
Let's see, I got that, and that...
So that leaves compresses,
supplements, protein, and...
Hey, it's Tokai Teio!
Hello there.
Hello there!
Um, Teio-san...
We used to root for you.
You had a really great run.
Thank you for everything.
You too, Kanna.
Good luck, Teio-san!
Uh... Right.
You'll have to excuse us.
Bye-bye!
Bye-bye.
"Used to root for you," huh?
Okay, back to shopping.
Honey, honey, honey,
honey...
Sweets! Sweets! Sweets!
Why?! Why am I so slow?!
Hurry it up! We're going on ahead!
Wait up!
Guys!
Hey, listen!
Don't leave me behind!
Guys!
Sweets, sweets, sweets...
Is something wrong?
Well, it's just...
What do you think, McQueen?
This is her third fracture.
Do you think Teio will be able
to run again like she used to?
She believes she can.
And I must simply believe in her.
I see.
You shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
It's only going to make Teio more anxious.
Right... sorry.
Teio, you got a second?
What's up?
Well, y'know...
And hey, when are you gonna
have my comeback plan ready?
I'm getting tired of waiting!
Yeah, you're right. Sorry.
Seriously, quit apologizing!
Hey, there you are.
Sup.
What's up, guys? Did you go shopping?
Yeah!
Teio-san, this is perfect timing!
Ta-dah! We're making you a nutrition drink!
We were wondering if our special drink
is what helped you bounce back last time.
Right?
Oh... you were?
Please drink it so you'll feel better sooner!
Let's see, first...
It's gotta have milk, right?
She needs her calcium!
What about garlic, for stamina?
That's still rejected from last time!
Let's put some carrots in! They're delicious!
How about dried sardines?
We're not just putting
in anything for calcium!
Thanks, guys.
I bet I'll be able to run again in no time.
Maybe even faster than before!
Hey, don't expect too much!
Please get well soon!
Yeah, hurry it up already!
It's hard to say whether you'll ever be
able to run in the same fashion again.
There's a good chance she
may have to exit the—
Teio-san, we used to root for you.
Oh, Teio.
Hey, McQueen. Doing some late secret training?
Yes.
It'd be a sorry state of affairs
if I wasn't prepared for when
my rival returns to racing.
Teio!
Could you call my time?
You sure you want your rival
to have that kind of intel?
Get a good look at how I run.
I'll always be waiting up ahead.
Waiting for you.
Ready...
Go!
Wow... she's so fast.
Like she's flying.
It's so beautiful.
I see. I get it now.
Teio? How was that?
I'm never...
gonna be able to run like that again.
What was that? I didn't hear you!
What was my time?
Teio! Say, Teio!
What was my time?!
I'm so sorry, McQueen.
Teio, are you listening?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm